Remove legacy browsers support (#21721)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/button/index.md

> Whether clicking on a {{HTMLElement("button")}} causes it to (by default) become focused varies by browser and OS. The results for {{HTMLElement("input")}} of `type="button"` and `type="submit"` are the same.

Author: ```suggestion
Whether clicking on a {{HTMLElement("button")}} or {{HTMLElement("input")}} button types causes it to (by default) become focused varies by browser and OS. Most browsers do give focus to a button being clicked, but [Safari does not, by design](https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=22261).
```

> <table>

Reviewer: Some of this still seems to be current: for example on macOS it looks like clicking a button does not give it focus on current Firefox, and the linked Safari issue is WONTFIX.

We could maybe replace the table with just some text like "On macOS, with Firefox and Safari, clicking a button does not give it focus".

I don't know what the current situation is regarding the mobile table.

Author: My thought is it is better to not have the table than to have a 5 year old table, and since FF on macOS does do focus, https://codepen.io/estelle/pen/vYjoayw, I thought it best to delete the table.

Author: Just tested safari; still doesn't.

Author: edited.
